<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Query Packs Module

This module is used to deploy Azure Monitor Query Packs and Queries.

## Features

- Deploy Query Packs
- Deploy Queries within Query Packs
- Automatic UUID generation for Query IDs
- Management Lock support

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.queries](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.query_packs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.query_packs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [random_uuid.query_name](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) The Azure region where the resources should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: (Required) The Resource ID of the Resource Group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_monitor_queries"></a> [monitor\_queries](#input\_monitor\_queries)

Description: (Optional) A map of Queries to create. The key is the name of the Query. The value is an object containing the configuration.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the Query. This must be a GUID. If not provided, a UUID will be generated.
- `query_pack_key` - (Required) The key of the Query Pack to associate this Query with.
- `body` - (Required) The KQL query body.
- `display_name` - (Required) The display name of the query.
- `description` - (Optional) The description of the query.
- `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the query.
- `related` - (Optional) A map of related items.
  - `categories` - (Optional) A list of categories for the query. Supported values: `security`, `network`, `management`, `virtualmachines`, `container`, `audit`, `desktopanalytics`, `workloads`, `resources`, `applications`, `monitor`, `databases`, `windowsvirtualdesktop`.
  - `resource_types` - (Optional) A list of resource types the query applies to. Example: `["Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines"]`.
  - `solutions` - (Optional) A list of solutions the query is related to. Example: `["LogManagement"]`.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name           = optional(string)
    query_pack_key = string
    body           = string
    display_name   = string
    description    = optional(string)
    tags           = optional(map(string))
    related = optional(object({
      categories     = optional(list(string))
      resource_types = optional(list(string))
      solutions      = optional(list(string))
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_monitor_query_packs"></a> [monitor\_query\_packs](#input\_monitor\_query\_packs)

Description: (Optional) A map of Query Packs to create. The key is the name of the Query Pack. The value is an object containing the configuration.
- `name` - (Required) The name of the Query Pack.
- `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the Query Pack.
- `lock` - (Optional) Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:
  - `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `CanNotDelete` and `ReadOnly`.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = string
    tags = optional(map(string))
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resources.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_query_pack_resource_ids"></a> [query\_pack\_resource\_ids](#output\_query\_pack\_resource\_ids)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_query_resource_ids"></a> [query\_resource\_ids](#output\_query\_resource\_ids)

Description: n/a

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->